README.md, before:

# Equest

## Initial Setup

### Docker

Any docker installation including docker-compose is required

[Docker Desktop (Includes compose)](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop) Includes compose

Run `docker network create -d bridge equest` on initial setup. A universal network is required to interact with other containers outside this repository.

### Devcontainer

[VSCode Devcontainer setup guide](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers)

[VSCode Remote Development: Container Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers)

Past troubles: Some packages are wrapper for a C program, which have different binaries for windows and linux. Errors relating to this occur when installing node_modules on a windows pc, then opening devcontainer and running on linux with windows binaries.

### Initialiation

Install monorepo packages with `npm i`.

After monorepo cli's are installed, run `npm run init`. This will initialise the postgres database, download and bootstrap all project dependencies, and other neccessities.

## Unique project gotchas

Getting error codes from functions in the database is weird, with alot of borrowed code from graphile/starter. utils handleErrors & graphqlErrors

## Helpful docs

[Graphile Migrate](https://github.com/graphile/migrate)

[Postgraphile](https://www.graphile.org/postgraphile/introduction/)

Commit message:

Added worker, rlparser, and blog packages
Everything is slowly coming together. Getting the rlparser to parse on demand, from pub/sub with bullmq. Server is about to get an overhaul to handle & control everything. Forgot to clock 20 hours this week

README.md, after:

# Equest

## Initial Setup

### Docker

Any docker installation including docker-compose is required

[Docker Desktop (Includes compose)](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop) Includes compose

Run `docker network create -d bridge equest` on initial setup. A universal network is required to interact with other containers outside this repository.

## Devcontainer

[VSCode Devcontainer setup guide](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers)

[VSCode Remote Development: Container Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers)

---

## Initialization

Install monorepo packages with `npm i`.

After monorepo cli's are installed, run `npm run init`. This will initialise the postgres database, download and bootstrap all project dependencies, and other neccessities.

## Unique project gotchas

Getting error codes from functions in the database is weird, with alot of borrowed code from graphile/starter. utils handleErrors & graphqlErrors

## Helpful docs

[Graphile Migrate](https://github.com/graphile/migrate)

[Postgraphile](https://www.graphile.org/postgraphile/introduction/)

# Notes

This repo makes use of many frameworks and libraries. Although it may look like resume driven design took place here, this is a student research project for me to gain experience with many technologies and figure out what I want to do after college.
